runsafe.chambers.alpha - Player has completed Deception Chamber
runsafe.chambers.bravo - Player has completed Mirrors Chamber
runsafe.chambers.charile - Player has completed Stamina Chamber
runsafe.chambers.delta - Player has completed Knowledge Chamber
runsafe.chambers.echo - Player has completed Echo Chamber
runsafe.chambers.foxtrot - Player has completed Foxtrot Chamber
runsafe.chambers.golf - Player has completed Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.hotel - Player has completed Hotel Chamber
runsafe.chambers.india - Player has completed India Chamber
runsafe.chambers.rabbiton - Mystery of Rabbiton completed.
runsafe.chambers.1 - Player In Ice Maze One.
runsafe.chambers.2 - Player In Ice Maze Two.
runsafe.chambers.ring1 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring2 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring3 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring4 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring5 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring6 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring7 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring8 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring9 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring10 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring11 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring12 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ring13 - Desolation Chamber
runsafe.chambers.ringdoor - Desolation Chamber



